doc:add reference to CSI snapshot deployment guide (#4119)
ceph/ceph-csi: docs/deploy-cephfs.md

kubectl create -f ../../ceph-conf.yaml
```

> **Deploy CSI Snapshot:**
> 
> If you intend to use the snapshot functionality in your Kuberenetes cluster, please refer [deployment guide](./snap-clone.md#prerequisite) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Deploy prerequisites for CSI Snapshot:**

If you intend to use the snapshot functionality in your Kuberenetes cluster, please refer to [snap-clone.md](./snap-clone.md#prerequisite) 
```

kubectl create -f ../../ceph-conf.yaml
```

> **Deploy prerequisites for  CSI Snapshot:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Deploy prerequisites for CSI Snapshot:**
```

> If you intend to use the snapshot functionality in Kuberenetes cluster,

Reviewer 2: still you have typo in Kubernetes

Author: Ahh, missed it!

> If you intend to use the snapshot functionality in your Kuberenetes cluster,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you intend to use the snapshot functionality in  Kubernetes cluster,
```
